We can't see into
someone's heart.
So, then... can I
truly confirm your
feelings?
Yes.
You can, with my eyes
and with my lips.
[sighing]
[groans]
That makes forty-two
times.
Stop keeping tabs
on my sighing, okay?
Is what that guy told
you still bothering
you that much?
Well...
... of course it is.
Look, I'll be
blunt...
Honestly, big girls
like you, aren't
really my type.
[sighing]
I can't just sit here
and ignore it...
... when you look
so sad, Cho-Cho.
The Cho-Cho that I
know is full of
composure,
confidence,
positivity, and
potato chips! Uh!
You can stop there.
Look. Yes, you're
right.
I AM cute!
Yeah! That's more
like it!
But even so, maybe
small bags are more
elegant than
a jumbo size bag
of potato chips.
There's a faint-hearted part
of me that believes that's true!
You know?
Oh, uh... not
at all.
I'm just saying that there's a
part of me that's fully
convinced
that being cute and slim is
better than being cute and
chubby.
If it's such a strain
on you, then why not just
come clean?
I can't stand to
see you like this.
[sighing and groaning]
If only I could! Then
all this wouldn't be
such a struggle.
How about her?!
She's got a fresh
look that's just
perfect to play
the next heroine.
And she's just your
type, right, Tomaru?
That's not it at all,
Director!
[grunting]
Uh--
Um...
Miss Ashina?
Here.
Mm.
Do you really think
that I'd wear this
now?
Mm. I guess not...
At last, we've
reached the story's
climax!
Your characters, branded as
traitors to their clan, meet at
this cliff.
A place that they
remember fondly.
Then, Ashina... you
meet a horribly
tragic end when you
slip and fall.
Actually, instead of
me merely slipping
and falling,
I'd prefer something
more meaningful.
Like maybe I could
risk my life to
protect Tomaru.
Listen, you really
don't have to make
this whole thing as
complicated as that!
We're talking about
someone's life coming
to an end, here!
Don't take it
so lightly!
That just doesn't
matter.
What the fans really
want to see is me
grieving over the
loss of my lover.
Isn't that right,
Director?
Give us a memorable
performance, 'kay,
Ashina?
[growling]
All right,
thirty-minute break,
then rehearsal's
up!
The guy in the gas
mask hasn't returned,
not since his
earlier attack.
Maybe he's just given
up now that he knows
the Leaf's providing
security.
That sure would make
things easier...
But remember what
we're always told...
... never let your
guard down.
Mm-hm.
Oh, man...!
She's looking this
way...
Mm!
Maybe she has
another errand?
Hey, you! Get me some
water! Right away!
Uh... uh-- Right!
Hmph!
She's really cranky
today. But what's new?
I mean, isn't she
leaving the
production soon?
So she's probably
stressed out.
Huh?
[straining]
He's coming! Stay
alert!
Yeah, I know, but
that thing's just
so bright!
I can't even--
[screaming]
Hey, there
he is!
You won't escape!
[grunting]
If you want Tomaru
back, get the money
together!
Uh!
He's coming your way!
Now, Cho-Cho!
Damn it! Where
is she now?
[panicking]
Hm?
Hey!
After him!
Right!
Did you see
anything?
No. Not a thing.
[exhaling]
This doesn't
add up.
What do you mean? It
doesn't add up how,
Shikadai?
I mean, isn't this
all kinda weird?
If that guy's motive
was just money, then
why would he have
ever sent in those
death threats in the
first place?
Hey, yeah.
You're right.
That would just
increase security.
Nice, you two! Great
analysis!
[chuckling]
Hmm?
It doesn't look like
he went to the east.
There was nothing to
the south, either.
[grunting]
That guy's fast on
his feet, ya know?
Uh--
[panting]
Mmm.
Hey, Boruto, where's
Tomaru?! Is he okay?
I'm sorry. But they
got away.
Arg, but there were
two sensei right
there with you!
How could this
happen?! And where is
Konohamaru Sensei?!
Konohamaru went back
in order to give a
progress report to
Lord Seventh.
Now?! When Tomaru's
life is in danger?!
I know just how
you feel...
But still, we have to
be strong now.
[grunting]
This was left at the
scene?
Yeah, the perpetrator
left it.
I will pay them any
ransom that they
want! Please, just
help us save our
production!
Never mind about the
money right now...
The real problem
is that they want
Ashina to exchange
the ransom for
Tomaru.
Mm.
But we've had to postpone
filming because our
lead's been kidnapped!
And if Ashina were to
get injured on top of
that, then...
Yeah. That's simply
too risky.
Then I'll just use my
Transformation Jutsu
and take her place!
No! Wait! What if he
sees through your
disguise?
Wouldn't that make
things even riskier?
But, um...
I'm gonna go! And
that's that!
Hmm.
Ashina.
Look, I'm an actress.
I can pull of a
simple money exchange
flawlessly.
But, uh...
the two of you.
Yes, I acknowledge there's been
some distance between Tomaru and
I lately.
However, we've known
each other since we
were child actors.
I beg you. Please,
just let me go!
But, Ashina...
Moegi Sensei... if
the rest of us act as
backup and have her
completely covered,
I'm sure it'll be
okay.
All right, fine.
However,
you must obey all
of my orders.
That's
non-negotiable.
Okay!
[crowd yelling]
Uh!
Ashina, tell us, is
it true that Tomaru's
been kidnapped?!
How much ransom do
they want?
Do you have anything
to say about all
this?!
This whole situation
was supposed to be
kept under wraps!
Uh--
I'm so sorry. We
can't say anything
right now.
All the same...
...once everything's resolved,
I'll tell you all about it
personally. I promise.
Wow, I had no idea at
all that she cared so
much about this
production.
Yeah... I
misjudged her.
[crowd yelling]
Mmm. To catch the
perp, we'll need to
be either here...
... or here!
All right! Let's go give
it our all, you guys!
Listen, Cho-Cho...
I hate to say it...
but just how long are
you gonna keep on
looking like that?
If you're really
serious about getting
Tomaru back...
Hm?
It's hopeless
unless you can use
your full power.
That isn't the real
issue here, is it?
Yes, of course
that's the issue!
If you mess up like you did the
last time, our strategy will
fail this time, too.
Look, I'm not the
type of person that
just keeps dwelling
on the past
all the time.
[grunting]
[growling]
Here, Cho-Cho... have
some potato chips and
calm down.
These are the
consommé-flavored
ones that you like!
[grunting]
Or maybe you'd rather
have the lightly
salted ones?
This isn't the time
to be thinking about
eating that kinda stuff!
Come on, you don't
have to be so rude.
Ah! Stop! I can't
deal with you guys!
[grunting]
Oh, Cho-Cho.
[worried groaning]
I'm in position.
Same goes for me.
Right. Stay alert,
everyone.
Yeah! You don't have to keep
reminding me about that all the
time, you know.
Cho-Cho! You're really on edge
right now.
Huh? This is how I
always am!
Mm. [sighing]
[groaning]
It doesn't matter if
it's consomme-flavored...
...or if it's lightly
salted.
And what's that
supposed to mean?
It really doesn't
matter what you're
thinking, 'cause when
you involve other
people...
...that means it could hinder
the success of the whole
mission.
Listen, I've had
enough lectures.
What's important
isn't the chip's flavor,
but its essence.
Huh?
I think it's whether
the chip is made from
quality potatoes.
Isn't that right?
[groaning]
Whatever the flavor
might be, if the
potato itself is
rotten, it's no good,
right?
Hm.
What about your true
essence? Is it rotten?
Or is it
pure instead?
[groaning]
He's here!
Ashina! You actually
came! Thank you
so much!
Really, thank you!
Mm.
Take a look
around...
It's just like the
last scene of our
production, isn't it?
Huh?
In the script, I was
merely supposed to
tumble over the
cliff. And yet here I
am, saving you.
It's quite ironic,
isn't it?
Here's the ransom you demanded.
Now keep your end of the bargain
and let Tomaru go!
[cowering]
Oh, thank you,
Ashina!
This whole time, I
completely misjudged
you!
Go on, just start
climbing. Everyone's
waiting down below.
Oh, but I can't just
leave you here...
Listen to me! This
isn't some scene from
our show! I came here
to save your life,
remember?!
Now just do as I say
and get out of here!
I- I understand!
Okay, I'm going down!
[panicking]
[grunting]
Oh, good grief. Just
look at him! And his
next movie's supposed
to be this big
action-adventure!
It's ridiculous!
Hold on... just what
are you doing?
What if somebody gets
suspicious? Look, the
money's all yours, so
you can just get
lost now!
I have a press
conference to do,
after all. [giggling]
I'm gonna bask in
the spotlight once
again!
I see...
So that's how it is,
huh?
[gasping]
You're--
We were able to
capture your partner in
crime a little earlier.
But he refused tell
us the name of his
accomplice.
And that's why we
didn't have any other
choice but to play
out this little
scene.
Uh! Why that
useless fool!
Konohamaru Sensei?!
Are you kidding me?!
All of you were
in on this?!
When Tomaru was kidnapped
before, you weren't at the
scene, were you?
After he was taken,
we tracked down the
perp, and we captured
him. But still, we
never imagined that
his accomplice would
be Ashina!
I know, right?
Staging a kidnapping
just to revive your
popularity...
... that is
seriously sad.
[panicking]
He can't even act,
but just 'cause he's
handsome, he thinks
he's a big shot and
took over the whole
production!
What was I
supposed to do?
I just couldn't
stand it any
longer.
Hey, are you talking
about me?
Oh, just shut up!
That's unfortunate
for you, but in real
life... things don't
always go quite the way
they might if they
were scripted.
No, don't you get
it?! I have to
continue to shine!
That's simply
who I am!
No matter what,
I can't afford to
lose my shine...
Because
otherwise, I won't
be me anymore.
Miss Ashina...
Heh. After
causing an incident
like this, I guess I
won't be able to bask
in the limelight again,
will I?
Well, if you atone
for your crime, then
maybe one day...
Did you really think
that I didn't consider
what I'd do
if my plan failed?
[grunting]
I'll just get myself
back in the news
again with this!
Even if it's not
quite what I planned!
[grunting]
Ah!
[gasping]
[screaming]
Let me go!
[screaming and grunting]
My back!
[screaming]
Earth Style! Mud
Wall!
I'll stop that
boulder! Gale Palm!
Cha! Got it!
What a drag!
[straining]
Sarada!
Someone, please help
me!
[crying]
Tomaru, no!
Ow, that hurts...
Oh no!
[exhaling]
What about your true
essence? Is it rotten?
Or is it pure
instead?
Ugh, perfect. Out
of all the people in
the world, he's gotta
be the first one to
lecture me... I mean,
about potato chips...
Huh!
Better watch
out!
... because once you
get a taste of me,
you'll never settle
for anything else!
Ah!
This seems...
really bad, right?
[panicking]
Leave this to me.
What?! Cho-Cho?!
This is impossible
for someone like you!
Huh?!
That's the ring.
Don't ever lose it
again, Tomaru,
you hear me?
[grunting]
The girl...
...from the
soundstage!
Partial Expansion
Jutsu!
Mm!
Now that's the real
you. Freshness
itself!
Oh, Cho-Cho!
There she is! There's
our Cho-Cho!
That's right.
[admiring]
[chatting]
Well, I guess this
is gonna be it for
me, isn't it?
Even if you do lose
your shine...
... it doesn't mean
that who you really
are has changed.
What's most important
is what's inside you.
[chuckling]
Well, it looks like
everybody's okay now!
I wonder...
Mm?
I think he means
wounds of the heart.
That Tomaru guy
doesn't seem
interested in
chubby girls.
So which one is the
real you, then?
The potato's essence
is what matters.
So could the
real you be--
What's the point in
asking that?
What's inside is
what matters, right?
Huh... Yeah,
absolutely. I guess
you're right!
Oh, Cho-Cho, you're
more wonderful than
any other woman I've
ever met before, you
know that?!
I guess people can be
great, even if
they're big!
Sparkle!
Hey, you know what?
It's my policy to
offer potato chips to
people that I like.
That makes me glad!
How about we...
I don't think I can
accept that.
Huh? But why?!
Oh. Well, after all,
I don't really want
my life to be bound
by calories
or by a man!
I wanna be completely
free!
Uh! No one's ever
turned me down
before...
Do you think maybe
someday I might get
another chance?
Stay on your toes!
Because you're gonna
have a lot of rivals!
Mm.
It appears... that
her symptoms are
getting worse.
What a turn of
events, huh?
I know. The whole
thing's a real drag!
[giggling]
All right, you guys!
Cha!
[chewing]
Tell me, what's made
you start eating food?
What's changed in
your mental state?
Oh... Just stuff.
[biting]
Surprisingly tasty,
aren't they?
Because their true
essence is good.
But still... they're
not quite to my taste.
By the way... Your
question about
whether I'm your
mother or
your father...
Oh, yes. About that.
It's fine.
Because as long as I
know what the true
essence is...
... it doesn't
really matter
either way.
The time has come to
teach you the
ultimate technique.
The ultimate taijutsu
technique... I will
finally be learning it?!
Understanding this
technique will not
just be about
enduring the harshest
training. You will
also have to face the
very core of your
being! Are you truly
prepared to do that?
H-Hold on a minute!
Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next
Generations:
"The Other Side of
Anxiety"
Before I can start
training... I first have
to conquer my anxiety!